---
title: 100 Days of Code -  The Complete Python Pro Bootcamp
description: Master Python by building 100 projects in 100 days. Learn data science, automation, build websites, games and apps!
tableOfContents: false
type: course
rating: 4.7
ratingCount: 413311
---

The "100 Days of Code - The Complete Python Pro Bootcamp" is introduced as a highly-rated and comprehensive Python course on Udemy, acclaimed with over 500,000 5-star reviews and a 4.8 average. It offers a unique learning structure: 1 hour per day for 100 days, focusing on building one project daily to achieve Python mastery. With over 60 hours of content, the course caters to all skill levels from absolute beginners to aspiring professionals. It's taught by the lead instructor from London's App Brewery and features a curriculum meticulously developed over two years, constantly updated with the latest tools and technologies used by leading companies like Apple and Google, and presented with engaging animated explanations.

The extensive curriculum covers Python 3 and a wide array of essential tools and technologies including PyCharm, Jupyter Notebook, web scraping (Beautiful Soup, Selenium), data science (Pandas, NumPy, Matplotlib), GUI development (Tkinter), and full-stack web development (HTML, CSS, Flask, REST APIs, SQL databases like PostgreSQL). Beyond technical skills, the course emphasizes practical application through tens of real-world projects such as a Tinder auto-swiper, a Snake game, and a blog website.

Upon completion, students will be fluent in Python and equipped with a portfolio of 100 projects, preparing them for professional development roles. The course provides the same high-quality materials and instruction as a $12,000+ in-person bootcamp, making it a cost-effective alternative. It includes video lectures, code challenges, quizzes, and an eBook, all backed by a 30-day money-back guarantee, encouraging enrollment with zero risk.

Link: [https://www.udemy.com/course/100-days-of-code/](https://www.udemy.com/course/100-days-of-code/)